CLOUD-295: Add analytics aspect to "Why Cypress -> Our mission" (#4283)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: content/guides/overview/why-cypress.md

readers to understand fully not just the **what** but the **why** as well.

We want to help developers build a new generation of modern applications faster,
better, and without the stress and anxiety associated with managing tests. We

> want to elevate the art of software development by leveraging test results to

Reviewer: @brian-mann update to mission content- thoughts?

> want to elevate the art of software development by leveraging test results to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
aim to elevate the art of software development by leveraging test results to
```

> generate actionable insights into long-term stability, and identify areas for

Reviewer 3: "into" or "for" ?

> generate actionable insights for long-term stability, and identify areas for
> improvement.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
generate actionable insights for long-term stability by proactively identifying
areas for improvement.
```
